People often tell me why I never talked to a person that it was 107 years old and I tell them, you know what, I never did either.
I would describe Alma as probably the most energetic, hundred-plus-year-old lady that I've ever met.
She has pretty much the whole seeocratic history in her mind that she carries with her.
So you can ask her anything about the organization and she can be able to tell you about it because she's even met a lot of those people.
We read about it, but she lived it. She's amazing. Even though she's 107, she has an incredible memory.
I go back quite a ways. When I was very young, 10 years old, we saw the full drama of creation.
And it was just packed with people. They were even standing in the back.
We were so thrilled, we never forgot it. And we realized that we found the truth.
My father left the church and he became one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And he were called Bible students at that time.
In the early days, we went to special conventions. In some places, they had a big field where they put the cars and they set up their tents.
They even named different streets. It was just like a little city.
I was really thrilled to see Brother Brotherhood speak as the conventions I attended.
I got married to Harold Miller in 1931. That was when the depression was going on.
And times were very difficult. Everything was scarce. There were no jobs to be had. The food was rationed.
People were really hungry. And they moved in any little shack that they could. Just to get by.
We didn't have anything. And we couldn't drive the car. So we used to have a little white horse. The name was Lou.
And we went out with this thing with the horse and buggy. She took us all over the place. Far distances.
They would take this buggy and they would go 20-30 miles, one direction, 20-30 miles the other direction.
All the hard work that they put forth has resulted in several congregations in the area.
We used to carry that magazine bag. We were witnessing for a while there.
And so we put it around the horse's neck. And so the horse was taking part in our witnessing.
People knew who was coming when they saw the little white horse come into their yard.
Sometimes it was cold. I remember wearing two coats. Yeah, it's tiresome. But we were young.
They would just go out regardless of rain or shine or whatever was going on at the time. And when they didn't have a car.
And to me that's amazing because we get you so used to the convenience as I guess you could call it. The coffee breaks the cars and everything.
It's like, well, if Alma can do it, surely I can do it.
One time Harold went out witnessing in the 50 years later he talked to the same man.
He said, 50 years ago there was a young guy who came through here writing on horseback and telling people that he said,
I think it's Armageddon. He said was coming soon. And he remembered Harold writing horse back 50 years ago in that territory.
And he got there again. And that happened a couple times more. So it was a long life I would to see.
Alma is so zealous for the ministry. She does not like not at homes. She wants to talk to people.
Yeah, I enjoy the ministry. I go as much as I can in my old age. We want to help the people to see the truth. There's no greater joy.
I try to read the publications so I have a reading machine. The letters come right on the screen. And I can study Alma lessons.
I would be lost without it. It helps me to keep up in present truth.
What does dedication mean? Sister Miller, please.
Dedication means. Some young ones might be concerned about what they should do with their life or choices they should make.
Well, here we see an example of somebody who served Jehovah for over a hundred years. And we see that she's happy and has no regrets of their life.
And that's an example that we want to imitate.
Well, giving my life to Jehovah, that's the best thing I could do for myself. If I have any advice for young ones today, I would say to keep on the truth.
They have a whole world before them to serve Jehovah. Something that endures forever.